Good morning, folks.
I got some good rest. I've gotten uh
finally able to get a little bit of
exercise in as well. Bike is going to be
great the next few days while my knee is
uh healing up. I'm feeling good.
Going to take a quick couple look at
some experiments.
We're going to
probably mess with the tiny boxes a fair
bit today
around uh shipping 30 and then hopefully
we'll be able to also work on the sim a
little bit as well.
Get rid of that bot that's instantly in
this freaking chat.
And here we are.
So, first things first here. Um, we've
got these breakout results which are
like
it works, but it's slow. So, I think
we'll cue real quick.
Okay. So, we got this result in here
from Grid Repro. We'll just do breakout.
Um single
fast box whatever this will be puffer
breakout.
Okay. So now this hopefully we should
see some sort of a difference there
and we'll see if that's just hardware
differences basically.
Now on grid
uh as we can see we've mostly closed the
gap with our old perf. Now
I think there's a very slight gap
perhaps
maybe a very very slight gap still but
it's like this is good we can ship it.
Yeah like this is good we can ship it
basically.
This gives us 11 runs that are above
0.9.
Here they are.
We have 0.96.
That's pretty good.
Pretty pretty good.
So I mean the solution there was to
remove a feature which is kind of fine.
Uh we'll wait for breakout to run to see
if this is actually going to be a stable
fix. If it is, this solves like multiple
problems for us at the same time though.
Uh and then if this is good, then we'll
start going back and rerunning a bunch
of sweeps with this and we'll see uh if
we can get any like better baselines out
of it.
We still have some problems left. Uh, a
lot of the problems that we have though
are going to be resolved pretty easily
just by getting the new tiny boxes
running honestly because like that's
going to give us enough hardware to run
all our experiments. We can run scale up
top stuff. We can do a lot with those.
But let's see if we can figure out the
tiny boxes.
Welcome spy.
I will excuse you for being stupidly
cringe because you will probably
continue to be stupidly cringe into your
early 20s.
I know I was though. Not in the not in
that way.
I got some great blunder years pictures.
We'll see what George sent me.
Oh man, I did all sorts of crazy things
when I was in undergrad. They had this
like stupid like dorm like dorm
president, dorm this like they had like
these stupid roles. I thought it was
dumb. So I jumped up on the stage and I
with a jester's hat and gave like the
most ridiculous over-the-top speech and
say Shakespearean pros uh and applied to
be the dorm fool.
Let's see. I had an I had a like an
English class that was required in
college that I thought was kind of dumb
as well. So to entertain myself, I uh I
showed up to every class with a bandana
on and like a a flannel shirt and I
spoke with a god-awful southern accent.
But because most of the people there had
never actually heard anyone from Texas,
they all thought I was just from Texas.
I did a bunch of dumb stuff, man.
Yeah, don't do that.
Yeah, that's not called being cringe.
That's called being a sex offender.
There's a slight difference between
those two things.
Yeah. All right, enough of that in my
chat. Thank you very much. We're doing
tech, man. Currently, we are working on
um
getting
actually [__] hell. Get that off my
screen.
This ends the attacks.
We're getting that off my screen.
Actually, can I just reset the chat?
See, you make me have to go figure out
how to freaking
reset the chat, man.
Thank you very much for that.
Yeah.
I'm not banning you because I get it.
You're just that age and it's like
and I do hope that there's cool tech
here that you can learn stuff from, but
gez get get your ducks in a row.
Thank you, Alex.
Um, yeah. So, what we're going to figure
out today is we're going to see if we
can get the tiny boxes to actually run
GPU jobs stably. And if we can do that,
then we'll have 12 GPUs for running all
of our release experiments
very very quickly.
And we should literally be able to just
release this thing within a few days of
work.
I'm sick of having this in pre-release.
This needs to be done. Um, but like
we've just had so many bugs and things.
So, like the experiment's looking good
now. I think with this, if we can
actually get it to be stable,
uh, we'll be we'll be good from There
trying to use Puffer for my research
these past few days. Hey, just drop by
here or the Discord if you have
questions. I'm uh I'm hard at work here
trying to make it I mean trying to fix
reinforcement learning as a field
really.
30 is really really solid
and um
we're also like just starting to make
some crazy new environments too given
that we have uh tech able to work with
stuff. already replied to one of my
messages.
You have a different username in here.
Oh, here. Run speed
wasn't using demo.py.
Yeah. So, if you use the
Oh, you were just using the vec.
Okay. I mean, watch this.
Okay, let me reset this container
because this
stop.
The thing is it's not just PO like we
have
I mean we to be fair we have not run a
sweep in a while on like the actual
Atari M since we have our own versions
of Atari that just like train at
millions of steps per second that we use
for our work but we do have bindings for
actual Atari
let's see
puffer train puffer or no not puffer
just breakout
I do pip install
gravitar. Sorry.
Yeah, I get the desire to stay as close
as possible to clean RL because clean RL
is very very good and we built our stuff
like starting with clean RL. It's very
very difficult to keep quite that level
of simplicity you know when you are
doing all the stuff that we are but we
do have like a single thousandline
transcript that kind of does everything.
So, it's not that far off.
And um
yeah, there you go. So, there's there's
breakout at 40,000 steps a second. Like
actual original Atari breakout.
So, that should be right there like 10x
plus faster
specs. This is just a local box I've
got. This is a 4090 and
uh the CPU is a 9950X.
We did numbers for this on like uh I
think on the the paper actually
Okay, so we had
and I think we've actually made it
faster since then. We had 25k with
puffer versus five four or fivek with
gymnasium.
I'm only getting 10k. Do you have it set
up with all the workers?
You got to set like 16 workers and then
here
6k after puffer.
What do you mean after puffer?
Something's weird there. Are you using
our multipprocessing back end?
because it should be way faster.
So like look for Atari here, we
typically will run like 128 m. We do 16
workers and like a batch size of 64. You
don't have to do this part, but this is
asynchronous double buffered. So this
requires you to change your inference
loop a little bit. Uh you can also set
it to 128 for synchronous.
And then you'll get um
where is it? Yeah. So we got like half
of that like like 12k but still twice as
fast even in synchronous.
And there's also I mean you can also
just use this from the you don't have to
use just the config stuff. You can also
use uh you can just use like
vector.mmake or whatever and do it raw.
Um, and in fact, that's kind of what we
intended early on is we just wanted to
provide like low-level tools.
So, like, you know, we wouldn't force
you to use like a fancy config system or
anything. But what kind of happened is
our implementation got so good that like
there was literally no point in us doing
anything with like existing clean RL or
SP3 or whatever cuz our implementation
is just so much better at this point. So
like in 3 0
okay we have like 1,200 lines uh
including all the spaces I believe it's
like a thousand lines total and this
just solves everything like this is it's
based on PO but it's much much better
both algorithmically and
performance-wise
I mean here look
so this is our version of Breakout where
it runs fast and from local state.
And there I'm training this at 3 million
steps a second.
So like this is just learning the end of
Before Your Very Eyes.
You can actually see the episode return
the score.
probably should train it for a little
longer, but I mean still you'll be able
to see uh if I just puffer eval.
So this is the model that I just trained
in the last 30 seconds.
What did you guys add on top of PO to
get it better performing? We added a lot
of stuff is the thing, right? It's not
just like a couple lines. We have our
own custom advantage kernel that
combines J and V trace. We've got
advantage filtering trajectory segment
level advantage filtering. We've got
prioritized experience replay over uh
the samples within this like within the
current batch. We've got a different
optimizer. We use muon by default. Use
cosine and kneeling for learning rate
schedule. It's a lot of stuff. You know,
we've done quite a bit of research in
this area
and it's been going very well.
I mean, the fact that we can just like
we can frame cool stuff in literally 30
seconds now, right?
This is the new environment I've been
working on.
I've been working on like this big
tactics environment with all these
armies.
that also will train at over a million
steps a second. Like I worked on that's
taken me like three days basically.
So like we're kind of just positioned at
this point to be doing absolutely crazy
things with reinforcement learning and
like
as much as I like to keep things like
the whole thing with Puffer, right? All
of my stuff is about trying to keep
stuff fast and simple. So, like I
actually kept the Clean RL like just the
Clean RL compatible version for quite a
while because I love Clean RL. It's the
best thing in RL. I know Costa
personally, he's awesome. But like we're
kind of just at a point where we need to
go 100 times faster than clean RL base
allows us to do and that's kind of what
we've done here. Um, and then we've
optimized the full stack so that like,
you know, from building new environments
to simulating them in parallel to
training to logging, like everything is
super compact and fast. So like, yeah,
when you replace the whole RL stack,
you're going to end up with a few
thousand lines of code, but like our few
thousand lines of code replaces like all
of SP3 or all of RLIB or like, you know,
all of those or all of Gymnasium's like
fancy tooling. like it's it really does
a lot for what it is.
Hey, boxing.
Why is this suddenly stable?
You do something.
So he did this.
I have I did that PR.
Uh sure. One second.
That does.
And I got Aaron wanting to chat.
But no alarm so don't forget about that.
This one boxing
Does this thing train anything yet, by
the way?
Okay, this is better
at length.
Like that's fine.
They do learn to harvest.
Good.
Okay. This looks this looks fine. And I
don't see anything wrong from first
glance at this. I'll merge this in.
This doesn't touch anything else.
Thank you.
Made a PR on Robocode.
Dude,
what did you do, my man?
Oh,
40k lines. Yep. The entire size of
puffer li.
Entire size of buffer li.
So this thing it looks like it's stable.
I've tried to implement quite a lot of
exploration stuff.
Specifically, Dian didn't get it to work
really well,
I think.
But yeah, like
I basically I have I think I've got it
down to a like well I have the thing
that should be science down to an actual
science on how to test algorithms like
that. Um
you absolutely don't want to like make a
new end like uh like CPR or what is it
common resource and then like try stuff
on that to see if the new algorithm
works better. um
cuz you're going to have like
simultaneous end bugs. You don't have a
baseline. There are a bunch of problems.
You want like a stable scalable problem
like maze. Okay. And then you're going
to like you can use stuff like that for
maze if you want like a pure exploration
algorithm. That's going to be a good
test. We need like even simpler ones to
see if you can make for instance just
like empty room have the puffers go in
different direction stuff like that.
research is on exploration.
Well, let me show you. Um, do we have
the policy for this? I think I'd have to
train it real quick, but I'll train it
for you real quick.
I'll show you what we have.
It'll take uh it'll be done in, you
know, however long that takes. I'm going
to check this in the meantime.
We got a pretty cool maze policy that I
think you're going to find uh pretty
interesting to see
cuz I think our I think we have best
exploration out of the box with puffer
like the advantage filtering. ing the
advantage filtering that we do
implicitly helps with exploration a lot.
We don't have countbased exploration is
the thing. We don't have other signals
like that. It's literally just negative.
Uh it's just one for finishing the maze.
Uh, it's about memory and like
it's like coherent memory, right?
But that's a lot of what actual
exploration is,
right? You try a thing. Okay, that
doesn't work. I try another thing.
very long corridor is um
it's kind of a stupid problem
in a sense
cuz if you just make it long enough then
it's
like it's a combination of this looks
really simple but is actually impossible
because like
I guess it depends one really long
corridor. Sure. If you were to if you
modify that problem slightly, so you
make it branching. Okay. So like you can
choose left or right and then you can
choose left or right, it basically
becomes a password guessing problem,
right? And that's actually
algorithmically intractable.
See my DM?
But you DM me.
Did you DM me on
Oh, Discord has the worst DM request
system ever.
Link me the C code, man.
Updating a,024 buffer should still
easily be easily be a million steps a
second.
Is this thing just randomly stable now?
Is there a way to run demo.py
from remote
and see the train agent play.
Uh you Yes, but that's not a puffer lib
problem necessarily. That's like having
graphics forwarding
from your remote.
Frankly, what we do, it's way easier to
just have a local setup and then just
pull the model file down than like
having to deal with remote rendering
because it's just janky and it's always
configured differently on different
machines. Um, so what we do is we just
we have the same exact Docker container
that we use on our servers. we just have
a copy of it locally and then it's super
easy to just pull model like policy down
and the docker is already set up to have
a rendering pass through so you can
render from the docker
what happens if you don't use big enough
BPT
I don't know you could try it
but the thing is
BPT and J horizon are linked in the
current version of the code they're not
like they're no longer are separated.
So you can't really test one easily
without the other.
Right. X11 foring but rel
if you want to get that working I would
try outside of puffer lib just try to
like run one of the ray samples and get
it to render remotely and then if you
get that to work then it'll work in
puffer liib basically. And if you do
actually figure that out let us know
because that would be nice to have. Um,
but generally it's been way easier to
just like, you know, render locally for
us at least.
I don't know if there if that actually
if that can be made to just work though,
that would actually be pretty nice for
us.
Did you fix advantages segment bounds in
3 0
advantages segment bounds?
Uh I think it's it's made irrelevant by
the way that we do segments in 3 0.
There are no bounds in 300 because you
just collect one segment worth of
experience from each end in basically
every configuration. I think technically
they're not fixed if you don't do it
that way, but in all of our configs, we
just have it set so that like you're
basically collecting a fixed number of
steps of experience from each gem, which
is the way that Clean RL does it
originally. Uh, it's a little less
flexible than what we had in 2, which is
why I had I had this way more flexible
thing in 20. But going back to this for
30 lets us do the advantage filtering,
and that's the advantage filtering has
been really worth it.
What's the difference between vecum ms
and m numms? Yeah, I'm sorry about that.
That's confusing. I don't know how to
name it better, though. So, vec numms m
is going to tell you the uh basically
the number of instances of your python
class to run your python environment
class. Now, the thing is because loops
in C are faster than loops in Python in
practice like all of our uh our C
environments internally can run multiple
copies of themselves. So if I do like
vecnum m2 uh and then enum m,024
then it's going to run two vector
instances each with a,024
internal copies and then the thing is
you can run these asynchronous. So like
one group of those thousand environments
runs at a time and then in the
background the other ones are running
right. So if you do it that way then you
basically you always have even when the
model forward pass is running you have
the other ends running in the background
and you drive CPU uh CPU latency to
zero.
Yeah. Env gets passed to Python. So
anything that you put into n like the
end config will get passed as a
parameter to your environment.
Also, neural MMO has run a billion steps
while I've been
Yapping.
I don't know how this thing is randomly
stable now.
Beum
a billion. Holy. Oh man, you haven't
seen anything.
Like this is Look, I wouldn't be I would
make everything even lighter weight than
it was if we didn't have Look at this.
Okay, this is a soda run of neural MMO
3. This X-axis, that's E11. That's 120
billion steps. This runs in like 12 14
hours, I believe, on one tiny box.
We're going to do a trillion step run of
neural MMO 3 soon.
I think maybe we might do even two
trillion because then that would make us
that would be more steps than all of
Open AAI 5 was trained on all of Dota.
These are just things that we can do
now.
Like reinforcement learning actually
just works. And this is a soda policy
that's like almost three times as good
as previous soda.
Also, I've attached you the end code.
Way easier when you link GitHub, but
I'll look at it.
I'll just put it here.
Where's Max agents?
Where is Max agents?
Uhhuh.
Okay. So, you shouldn't be doing
gets passed from the binding. What?
Oh, you named us you named this like a
constant, man.
But uh if this is a big number like you
shouldn't one hot encode in the C
environment. Okay. Like it looks like
these are all one hots. There's nothing
that's floating point here, is there?
Is there even anything floating point or
these just all
these are all ones and zeros, right?
Oh yeah, dude. You can make this thing
so much faster.
The tape is okay.
The tape is floating point.
Uh well, there's technically a way
around that as well, but for now, okay,
we'll keep it in floats. Technically,
you can make it 4x less memory overhead.
Uh almost, but like how big is the tape?
Are most of the observations from this
stuff? because like you probably
shouldn't be doing one hot encoding in
the environment. Okay, what you do is
you uh you make these like you enter or
whatever or you just like you just like
assign the index and then you do the one
hot and the forward pass of your
network. We do this for a lot of our
environments
because it reduces the GPU communication
bandwidth, right?
Like if you have if you one hot into
eight different things for instance uh
you reduce the GPU bandwidth by a factor
of eight just by one hot encoding on the
network. Tape size is 1,024.
Oh okay well then here like there's so
many easy things you can do like why
isn't this a mem copy
right? like you're doing everything in
loops when you have like big contiguous
chunks of memory and you can just do
this as a single mem copy operation
like this is one mem copy
and that probably alone will just get it
like make it work.
So yeah, you just you run a basic
profiler on this thing, right? You just
like go look up like go run C profile on
this or G-profile
and then like basic stuff like that will
make this thing easy. Million.
Have you seen latest? I have not seen
any fire ship videos.
Yeah, I I don't see anything here where
it's like, oh, this has to be on the
GPU.
You're also
allocing in the dynamics. It looks like
we usually pre-allocate
Yeah, I don't know what the hell's up
with this box because it seems stable
where it definitely was not stable
before. Oh.
Uh, is Alex still here? Load model path.
Okay,
here you go.
This is our maze agent.
If you've worked on mazes, you know how
ridiculously good this is.
This literally just gets a one reward
for getting the goal and nothing else.
And it just sees a tiny little local
crop of tiles around itself.
Like look how ridiculously coherent this
thing is.
If you do not work on reinforcement,
like if you've never tried to do RL on
mazes, this will not look particularly
impressive. If you have, then you know
what this is.
Not going to get all of them. Like this
one is pretty hard.
Buffer stuck. Yeah, it's stuck because
this is the amount you have to
backtrack. You have to go all the way to
there.
specific requirements.
Well, I mean, it's like if you want to
do research on exploration algorithms,
there aren't any requirements. If we
were to add an exploration algorithm to
Puffer, like we're basically we're not
going to add stuff that we don't think
is like generally worth its weight for
RL, right? Like there are a bunch of
these fiddly al like fiddly exploration
algorithms that are kind of hacked to a
few problems that like slow your code
down and add a bunch of like jank to it.
We're not adding that stuff. But if we
find something that's like, oh, okay,
this genuinely helps, right? Then that's
like then we'd add it.
Have you basically solved credit
assignment? Uh there's not really any
such thing as solving credit assignment
really.
Like credit assignment is itself AI
complete.
It's just better overall
by a lot.
if it's just if it's a win for more
complex environments and it doesn't slow
down the rest of our stuff and it's not
crazy like it depends on the result
right it's like the methods
you have to justify the complexity uh of
the new method with the result right so
if you just take this thing and it
doubles the performance on neural MMO 3
and like you know it makes our mazes
twice as fast and stuff then I'll be
like oh that's a good method it's like
well it doesn't help on Breakout because
Breakout's easy. Fine. Is there a way
that we can at least do it so it doesn't
slow that down? That would be nice. But
like if it's ah it kind of does a thing
sort of on neural MMO and it kind of
just slows down the rest of this stuff.
It's it's not so good.
If I have to implement dreamer
that freaking dreamer paper
to get a model of the environment.
Well, the thing with dreamer, right, is
like I don't even know that it's good.
Like I literally don't even know that
that's good
cuz like from a wall clock time, their
results suck.
um
like they just they use a ton of
samples. So like
and they make everything really slow. Uh
all the tricks that are implemented in
that paper are horrible science. It's
like a complete hack job. The reference
code for that paper sucks. It's like
atrocious. So like there might be
something in dreamer v3 and adjacent
work that like I could be convinced yeah
this is going to be the thing that we
want but like it would have to be done
substantially better than the dreamer
paper.
So yeah, Alex, if you're seeing these
grid results here on this maze, I mean
like let me let me just kind of put this
in perspective for people. um maze.
Okay, these are what the mazes that look
like usually that people use for this
research.
I think this is like one of the biggest
ones.
So like
yeah, it's uh dramatically better.
do star the puffer though for folks on
Twitch. This is all free open source
dev. You can literally get involved with
this right now by joining the Discord,
but at least start the puffer. It helps
us out a lot.
I work on this stuff full time.
21 18 stars.
Not bad for uh about a year's worth of
work.
Yeah, we're fine with new people as
well.
We've trained um quite a few people in
RL.
Okay, this like this neural MMO run
actually seems stable, which is weird to
me.
I guess what we'll do,
we'll do this.
tiny at tiny box.
Wait, how is it tiny at tiny box?
Tiny puff one.
Okay.
I actually might do some like dreamer
adjacent stuff. I'm not opposed to it.
It just has to be way better executed
than the original dreamer paper.
And yes, if I sound a little bit annoyed
about it, it's because we uh we burned
10,000 GPU hours and like I kind of
dragged a bunch of my friends into a
nightmare of ablations because I trusted
that like the authors did reasonable
science on uh on that paper and it was
just horribly horribly done science.
They basically did like this big presser
and like you know they created all this
freaking hype and the science just in
that paper was just awful.
But like I don't know academia in RL is
such a [__] show man. Like academic RL
it's basically just sales. Like nobody
gives a damn about actually doing real
science. uh the people who are trying to
do real science are trying to do it
wrong because they've got like all these
twisted notions of what they need to
hold fixed to compare against other
methods and like none of them can do any
real engineering. It's just it's a mess.
And this is why I'm here doing this
stuff, right? It's because it was such a
mess and like I spent five years in my
PhD fighting this and fighting this and
fighting this and finally it's like okay
enough, right? Like I can't do this work
this way anymore. RL is important. It's
a really awesome area of AI. It's going
to unlock a whole bunch of new tech.
It's not going to happen if we keep
doing it the way it's happening in
academia. We're building puffer lib.
Let's say the algorithm paper is about
unsupervised exploration. They show how
it generalizes to other ends. What can
you do instead with puffer is that you
replace environment reward with
exploration reward. You have a schedule
which lowers
the very knife that works.
offline expert. You can try stuff like
that. Yeah. What would you recommend to
trying
to do RL research? It depends how new
you are.
Um, but I have a little guide here that
I recommend because it's very accessible
and this is a very good way to just
start doing useful work quickly.
So, this is on the website.
I will probably update this soon, but
it's still it's a decent guide.
And I mean, I generally just suggest
getting involved with the stuff we're
doing in Puffer, right? Because like
it's a little bit self- serving, but
this is legitimately what I'm doing,
right? With all of my time right now. I
don't do other things. Um I'm trying to
make reinforcement learning sane and
stable. And the way I'm doing work right
now is the way that I think we're going
to advance the field. So, it's uh I
mean, there's a lot of environment dev.
there can be to be fair I'm doing some
like industry adjacent environment dev
because they're harder environments
they're interesting and like also
financially we need to pay for servers
but I think on the like the more pure
science side there's a lot of room for
probe environments like test
environments to see specific different
learning dynamics and how our algorithms
interact with them. Um, there's a lot of
room for like very carefully and
correctly across all of our fast
environments, testing out different
ideas from literature, testing out like
world modeling stuff, testing out search
stuff. There's a lot of things that we
could potentially test. It just needs to
be done to a way higher standard than is
done in academia. And the way that we do
that is by making our experiments a
thousand times faster so we can actually
run enough of them to convincingly show
something.
That's pretty much the the gist of how
uh what I'm doing works.
And handholding is fine. Like I will
help I will help people who are actually
sticking around and doing work
basically, right? Because I do actually
I get a fair number of people who seem
to just want to like sit on Zoom calls
with me all day and like have me tell
them stuff but not actually write
anything. We don't do that, you know?
Like I like people who are actually
involved and like actually trying to
work on stuff though. That's good.
Like you got to listen to some of the
things though, right? Like you can't be
allergic to doing low-level dev. Um it's
just very very difficult. Like I have a
couple people that I actually work with
who can't do low-level dev, but it's
it's so much better if you can. Uh, and
basically you have to be a like you have
to be a like a math or a science genius.
Uh, if you want to get away from the
low-level dev and purely do that side,
the low-level dev is just so useful
because you can self-contained, right?
You can have your idea, you can
implement it, and it's relatively simple
low-level dev, let's be real here. um
you can implement it, you can do the
full stack basically of experiments. So
it allows you to be mostly
self-sufficient and then you just need
input on like correcting things like
screwing up rewards or screwing up like
problem formulations, things that take,
you know, more time and more experience
in RL. Like that's fine. I do that for a
bunch of people. Um that's probably the
best way though to be effective is to be
able to have the full loop. Um and to
like to get good at that as quickly as
possible.
mem copy instead of for loops just for
the really big blocks of stuff like that
one tape. Yeah. And no one hots and n
code. It depends how big they are. If
the tape is most of your observations,
then it doesn't matter. But like the
size of your observation buffer does
make a big difference. So if you have a
1024 tape and then you have another like
4096 of other things, definitely don't
one hot those.
I mean it's like you don't need to
forget like it's it's very simple,
right? like the amount of bandwidth that
you're going through, right, is equal to
the size of your observations in bytes
times the number of steps per second
that your training is running. Okay, so
like you can do the math and you can see
that very quickly you're up to like
gigabytes of communication and we have
stuff pretty well optimized, but like
there at least there's at least like one
extra redundant transfer because we
can't pin shared memory. So like it's at
least two transfers to get that onto the
GPU correctly. Um,
so like you're going to cap basically at
a few gigs a second. You don't actually
get like the ideal PCIe speeds. So
anything you can do to keep that
relatively reasonable is going to yield
dividends.
Is there a quick guide on how to make a
simple environ other than the sample
envel shows
squared glue code for the CN? Yes, there
is. Uh but you have to open the HTML
file yourself because it is in the 300
docs that are going to launch with the
new uh the new codebase.
So if you go to Puffer Tank here,
there's a 30 branch. This has new docs
that are way better. I've had a lot of
people complain about the docs. I'm not
good at that. I did it better with 300.
I just ripped off the way that Ray does
their docs because Rayson is a god. Um,
but if you just go here, you go into Oh,
not this one. My bad. Puffer.ai, not
puffer tank. Puffer tank is our contain
our Docker.
Where is it?
Huh?
Oh, dev.
Okay. So, if you open up this file, I'll
put this in the chat.
This has a guide that has all the links
to very cleanly commented sample end of
code and there are two ends uh that are
there are there's squared in C but then
there's also target which is multi-
aent. So we have multiple sample M's and
they're nicely commented. Now
I can link stuff in the chat. It's just
that you guys sometimes can't because
sometimes YouTube blocks it.
Yeah.
So, we're very happy to like help people
get started on this stuff. Um, I do put
in a lot of work to make it easier. It's
just like,
man, if you know how hard this stuff was
a year ago. It's come down like it's 90%
easier than it was. There's still a
little bit of jank here and there, but
it's like we work really hard to try to
make it easier.
Okay, this works.
Oops. Now, see, I forgot that I had I
didn't want to paste that.
Okay,
one second.
cool.
We've got this uh running. I'm going to
put this over here.
I've got now multiple people
All right, guys. I'm going to drop off
this. I got more people bugging me about
meetings, of course. Uh we do have quite
a few people on uh on the stream,
though. So, Huffer AI for all the
things. Star of the Repo really helps
us. And just join Discord if you want to
get involved with all the dev.